
NOTES - SORTED BY GENERATION DATE - EXPLAINING HOW IT IS GOING, WHAT IS COMPLETED AND THE SUGGESTED IMMEDIATE NEXT WORK/THING TO SOLVE

    - 20220219

        A) completed download of N years, dumped to file on a year basis
        B) working on loading data from local database folder
        C) executed initial commit

        TODOs

        1) test .resample method in histdatalib
        2) complete function that searches on local folder if specified data is available
            . YES: read load data to object
            . NO : exit with no action taken ----> data needs to be downloaded

        3) Start real-time data management: get, update local database, plotting

    - 20220220

        Added dotty_dict package:
            a dotty() instance for local data (= _local_db) will have all the details related to available data 
            on current local database folder

    - 20220301

        Need to empower data management with dotty dictionaries

    - 20220309

        data to local files are dumped by years
        key format for the dotty dict of managed data:
            . organize by year or unify alla available data for the pair? 
                --> download chain of functions call to improve: efficiency and capability of
                    organization by year


    - 20220530

        historical data maanagement into consolidation:

                . only plot functionality remains to be tested
                . to be evaluated it is useful to manage multiple timeframes and related data by the same manager instance 


        realtime data management:

                . tried get_quote functions
                . to try function to read window data (daily, weekly, start-end, etc) with ohlc values
                . align data format as used in historical manager to have common data organization 
        

    - 20220615

        realtime data management:

            ALPHA_VANTAGE:

                . daily, weekly, etc.. get functions means timeframe parameters --> too scarse
                . only intradaily functions is reasonable (minimal timeframe = 1min) but time span is very limited

            POLYGON:

                . API description seems to give better data - low timeframe and longer time span
                . still to effectively try out
                
                
    - 20220622
    
        realtime data management:
        
            confirmed polygo-io provider combined with python client is what I was lookig for,
            data req with minimal timeframe of 1 minute and time interval can be set with date specifications
            over the trailing 2 years 
            
            meanwhile, alpha_vantage is still useful if the start date param is within the previous midnight
            - within the current day: FX_INTRADAY request type
            
            decided to avoid completely pandas datareader API
            now focusing on alpha_vantage api by romel torres and official python client for polygon-io
            
            
    - 20220630
    
        historical data management:
        
            noted on histdata.com significative - maybe new - features:
            
                . all tickers data are up to current month, starting year-month not fixed, depends on ticker
                  although max start year is 2002/2003
                . data files are distributed also with 1-minute bar (ohlc aggregates) data, 
                  tick data files are still available
                  
    - 20220813
    
        tested functions to get daily data with interval options
        now interval options parsing must be genralized in common functions to be used 
        generically across data manager
            

            